as dark entertainment City used to be
one of gaza's biggest amusement
parks now instead of relaxing and
socializing Palestinians are seeking
Refuge from Israeli
attacks but even here there is no RIS
bite while we were filming the Israeli
military carried out an air strike a
reminder that nowhere in Gaza is safe
Muhammad hu and his family were forced
to leave Rafa with few options he has
ended up seeking shter in a place he
used to bring his children to on special
occasions when the Israeli Army started
the military incursion of Raa we were
told to leave I was terrified so I
packed some of my belongings I was
afraid of losing my six children I
searched for shelter for my family in
Khan yunes but there was nothing but
Rubble everywhere is crowded with
refugees displaced families are crowded
into every ENT of the amusement park
there are no Services no food water or
sanitation and no health
care we are from Rafa we used to come to
ASA for entertainment and to have fun
now this park has turned into an
evacuation shelter we are tired we're
struggling to find water food and
electricity and I'm sick and I can't get
my medication we are exhausted in this
heat the UN says Israeli attacks have
forced more than 800,000 Palestinians
from Rafa an area the Israeli military
had previously declared a safe
Zone in previous years Palestinians
would visit amusement parks like this
one here during but during Israel's war
on Gaza a place meant to be a source of
fun and entertainment has become a
source of shelter for families forly
displaced from the homes T abum Al jazer
kanun
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer